![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1690898/139102180-5c1e2583-14f1-4f58-ab2b-9e3807ed529c.png)

# Common Security Advisory Framework (CSAF) Technical Committee Working Meeting

- Meeting Date: August 30, 2023
- Time: 1:00 pm US EDT

## Call to Order and Welcome

Meeting called to order @ 1:06 PM US EDT

## Roll call

All participants recorded their attendance on the OASIS meeting calendar. 
All participants were kindly encouraged to register themselves to optimize the use of the shared time during the meeting in one of two ways:
- Clicking the link with the text "Register my attendance" on the top of the event page.
- Or directly visiting the per event direct "record my attendance link." 

Quorum was NOT reached.


## Participants

| Company                                        | Name             | Role           |
|------------------------------------------------|------------------|----------------|
| Oracle                                         | Feng Cao         | Voting Member  |
| Cyber Threat Intelligence Network, Inc.        | Jane Ginn        | Member         |
| Individual                                     | Stefan Hagen     | Voting Member  |
| Cisco Systems                                  | Rhonda Levy      | Voting Member  |
| Individual                                     | Denny Page       | Voting Member  |
| Red Hat                                        | Martin Prpic     | Voting Member  |
| Dell                                           | Michael Reeder   | Voting Member  |
| Cisco Systems                                  | Omar Santos      | Chair          |
| Cisco Systems                                  | Thomas Schaffer  | Voting Member  |
| Federal Office for Information Security (B...) | Thomas Schmidt   | Voting Member  |
| TIBCO Software Inc.                            | Russ Selph       | Voting Member  |
| Federal Office for Information Security (B...) | Dina Truxius     | Voting Member  |
| Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                  | Sonny van Lingen | Voting Member  |


### Observers present

None

Note: Observers of this committee that are ready to become Members should follow the specific instructions displayed the OASIS Open Notices tab.

## Agenda
- Roll Call via self-registration.
- Approve May Meeting Minutes: https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/blob/master/meeting_minutes/
- VEX Summit
  - Over 250 attendees registered from 144 different organizations!
  - Part 1 Recording (Password: TmtGcMw4)
  - https://cisco.webex.com/cisco/ldr.php?RCID=56dbe1d0a5d6377b6e31696d88d36673
  - Part 2 Recording (Password: JmN4c9mu)
  - https://cisco.webex.com/cisco/ldr.php?RCID=ad8f2d401ef9f88e23df6df35f5f26b1
  - Need help separating the videos so we can post them on YouTube.
- Borderless Cyber Transforming Vulnerability Management - How CSAF, VEX, SBOMs & SSVC work together by Justin Murphy.
- CDNs and CSAF Content.
- GitHub Issues Labeled for TC Discussion: https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues
- Discuss next steps.
- Adjourn




## Meeting Notes
Quorum was reached so we can approve minutes.
-	Omar set motion to approve meeting minutes. 
-	Jane Second motion June 28 and July 2023.
-	Motion approved.
- Issue #640 https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/640
- CDNs and CSAF Content.
  -	Thomas Schmidt led the topic.
  -	Solutions were presented regarding caching issues, including hashes, csv etc.
  -	No questions and it was noted that most customers will run into this, are ok with us sharing publicly.
  -	Write our own document such as an article stating generally what to do to use CDN.  GitHub issue?
  -	Do we want to do this and who would take the lead?
  -	- Stefan – options CSAF IO page to document it.
    - It’s a how to – no vetting from a committee.  
- Issue https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/647
  - Minor or major revisions?  Depending on how implementation works and need to clarify that?
  - Thomas Motion to add to test 6.1.14 and 15 number of sorting field.
  - Omar second it.
  - Motion passed with no modifications.
- Issue https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/649
  - Thomas and Omar to work on publishing it.
  - Stefan is in favor of this. summarizes all technology as a service to customers.
- Issue https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/642
  - Omar set Motion best practice FAQ track and second on roadmap for CSAF 2.1.
  - Justin second
  - Motion passed.
- Issue https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/650 
  - Currently, we host a few FAQs on the website: [csaf.io](https://oasis-open.github.io/csaf-documentation/faq.html)
  - We should add a few more FAQs, e.g.:
  - TLP 2.0 (see also https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/591)
  - File names (https://docs.oasis-open.org/csaf/csaf/v2.0/os/csaf-v2.0-os.html#51-filename)
  - MIME-Types (see also https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/639)
  - CDNs might also be a candidate
  - CSAF distribution
  - Known CSAF Lister: e.g. from [BSI](https://wid.cert-bund.de/.well-known/csaf-aggregator/aggregator.json)

## Next Steps

-	Working session for documentation for anyone who would like to participate.  Omar to set up.
-	Put FAQ in TC repository.  Discuss that option. One place versus several and can peruse issues easily. 

## Adjourn

•	The meeting adjourned at 2:01 PM US EDT

Note: All monthly meetings take place on the last Wednesday of each month at 1:00 PM US EDT.     
The next meeting will be held on September 27, 2023.  
