![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1690898/139102180-5c1e2583-14f1-4f58-ab2b-9e3807ed529c.png)

# Common Security Advisory Framework (CSAF) Technical Committee Working Meeting

- Meeting Date: March 29, 2023
- Time: 1:00 pm US EDT

## Call to Order and Welcome

Meeting called to order @ 1:04 PM US EDT

## Roll call

All participants recorded their attendance on the OASIS meeting calendar. 
All participants were kindly encouraged to register themselves to optimize the use of the shared time during the meeting in one of two ways:
- Clicking the link with the text "Register my attendance" on the top of the event page.
- Or directly visiting the per event direct "record my attendance link." 

Quorum was reached.


## Participants

- Feng Cao, Oracle (Voting Member)
- Thomas Schmidt, Federal Office for Information Security BSI (Voting Member)
- Jane Ginn, Cyber Threat Intelligence Network, Inc. (Member)
- Rhonda Levy, Cisco Systems (Voting Member)
- Diane Morris, Cisco Systems (Voting Member)
- Stefan Hagen, Individual (Voting Member)
- Justin Murphy, CISA (Voting Member)
- Denny Page, TIBCO Software, Inc. (Voting Member)
- Thomas Proell, Siemens AG (Voting Member)
- Michael Reeder, Dell (Voting Member)
- Omar Santos, Cisco Systems (Chair)
- Thomas Schaffer, Cisco Systems (Voting Member)
- Russ Selph, TIBCO Software Inc. (Voting Member)

### Observers present

None

Note: Observers of this committee that are ready to become Members should follow the specific instructions displayed the OASIS Open Notices tab.

## Agenda
- Roll Call via sef-registration
- Approval of [TC Working Meeting Minutes of Wednesday, January 25 and February 22nd 2023](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/tree/master/meeting_minutes/2023)
- Critical items
- Roadmap for adoption and tools and future CSAF 2.1 items
- Discuss Next Steps
- Adjourn

## Meeting Notes

Quorum was reached. 

- Omar moved to approve the minutes from the January 25th and February 22nd, 2023 meetings.
  - Thomas seconded the motions.
  - There were no objections.
  - The motions to approve the minutes were carried.

### Interaction with ISO:
- Jamie and Chet from OASIS are handling formal interaction with ISO.
- Thomas S. and Omar believe there's nothing for the TC to do besides waiting for the national level group to be formed.
- Stefan suggests prioritizing adoption and tools, collecting change issues prior to advertising future work on CSAF 2.1. Omar and Thomas echoed the suggestion.
- Thomas S. adds that stability is important and rushing into the next version is not necessary.
- Omar suggests exploring other opportunities for the TC such as webinars and presentations.
- Thomas P. thinks if companies can help, it's a good start.

### Adoption and tools:
- Omar and Thomas P. agree on the usefulness of having use cases from GitHub to scope work and provide more resources for consumers.
- Thomas P. explains that different customers request API so they only receive requested items.
- Thomas S. shares the tool he's working on to simplify the creation of CSAF files and a tool for security advisories.
- Omar suggests having conversations with commercial entities to consume artifacts.
- Thomas P. thinks CSAF cannot solve all problems and other issues such as ISO management and product identification need to be considered.

### CSAF v2.1 Items:
- Discussed the issue brought up by Feng; [New value: "patch_for_not_affected" or similar in "remediation" ](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/563)
- Feng is still scoping the patch and the SBOM relationship. Additional information in [this email thread](https://lists.oasis-open.org/archives/csaf/202303/msg00003.html).
- Feng explains the relationship between SBOM, product tree, and version, and the issue with different vendors using different product IDs.
- Omar agrees with Thomas to not have a new SBOM format, but sees the benefit of having information about relationships per Feng's suggestion.


## Next Steps
- A focus group and working meeeting will be scheduled to discuss the items highlighted by Feng further. Omar will send invites Feng, Thomas, and anyone else who wants to participate to ping him. Omar and Feng will work on a write-up for this working session, and Feng will send Omar the details.
- Omar and Thomas Schmidt will deliver a presentation about CSAF during RSA.

## Adjourn
The meeting adjourned at 1:53PM US EDT.

Note: All monthly meetings take place on the last Wednesday of each month at 1:00 PM US EDT.     
The next meeting will be held on April 26, 2023.  
