![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1690898/139102180-5c1e2583-14f1-4f58-ab2b-9e3807ed529c.png)

# Common Security Advisory Framework (CSAF) Technical Committee Working Meeting

- Meeting Date: August 28, 2024
- Time: 17:00 UTC (19:00 CEST, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PDT)

## Call to Order and Welcome

Meeting called to order @ 17:03 UTC

## Roll call

Inability to register attendees due to OASIS system challenges.

## Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation                                                 | Role                        |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------|
| Thomas     | Schmidt     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member               |
| Rhonda     | Levy        | Cisco                                                       | Voting Member               |
| Christoph   | Plutte     | Ericsson                                                    | Voting Member               |
| Martin     | Prpic       | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member               |
| Justin     | Murphy      | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Voting Member               |
| Michael    | Reeder      | Dell                                                        | Voting Member               |
| Denny      | Page        | Individual                                                  | Voting Member               |
| Feng       | Cao         | Oracle                                                      | Voting Member               |
| Thomas     | Schaffer    | Cisco                                                       | Voting Member               |
| Rhonda     | Levy        | Cisco                                                       | Voting Member               |
| Omar       | Santos      | Cisco                                                       | Chair                       |
| Vivek |  Nair | Microsoft | Voting Member |

### Observers present

- JD Stefaniak, Dell 

Note: Observers of this committee that are ready to become Members should follow the specific instructions displayed the OASIS Open Notices tab.

## Agenda

- Roll call cannot be done automatically, we will approve meeting minutes via email.
- CSAF in ISO
- Review GitHub Issues for TC Discussion:  https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues
- Discuss next steps.
- Adjourn


## Meeting Notes

- Omar provided an update on the activities with ISO.
  - The ISO technical working group in JTC one has confirmed that the CSAF standard is now in draft format.
  - The next step is for them to create a ballot to formally accept the standard.
- There are challenges with the tools within OASIS and all voting continues via email.
- The team discussed the issue of withdrawing a security advisory and creating a new profile for vulnerability was discussed.
  - A motion to create a new withdrawn profile in CSAF 2.1 - Issue #771 [was created after the meeting](https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/motion-to-create-a-new-withdrawn-profile-in-csaf-21-issue-771).
  - A motion to create a new Superseded profile in CSAF 2.1 - Issue #772 [was created after the meeting](https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/motion-to-create-a-new-withdrawn-profile-in-csaf-21-issue-772).
- The need to support multiple versions of representations and multiple products affected by a vulnerability was discussed.
  - A motion to approve #774 - allow an array of purls to be used in the CSAF standard [was created after the meeting](https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/motion-for-issue-774).
- The idea of allowing organizations to opt in or out of being listed on the logos page was proposed - Issue #762.
  - However, the hassle of going over all the different legal approvals is not a priority for the TC at the moment.
  - The challenge of using logos from member companies in marketing materials is complicated by brand guidelines and legal considerations.
  - The TC discussed some concerns about potential misuse of logos by aggregators and the need for a clear permission process.
- New value for "remediation" field in CSAF.
  - Reference: https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/563
  - Proposed value: `patch_for_not_affected` or similar.
  - Discussion points:
    - a. Terminology concerns:
      - "Not affected" is more intuitive but suggests only an update is needed
      - "Patch" may be confusing for customers in this context
      - "Optional" or "unnecessary patch" deemed inappropriate
    - b. Risk assessment:
      - Very low-risk vulnerability scenarios discussed
      - Some argue against patching for extremely low risks
    - c. Advisory purpose:
      - Conflict with fundamental purpose of security advisories
      - Advisories typically inform customers about necessary remediations
    - d. Customer perspectives (Feng):
      - Diverse customer needs acknowledged
      - Many prefer more information, especially in regulated industries
      - Examples: Even low-risk vulnerabilities: some customers may desire patches. Financial institutions often require comprehensive information.
  - Alternative suggestions:
    - Add new categories: "fix not planned" and "fix not available"
    - Include "fix for not affected" as an option
    - Align with existing "suggested fix" category
    - Some patches may be released purely for compliance reasons
    - Non-regulated entities may not need to address these
 - We will determine the most appropriate terminology and consider adding multiple options to accommodate various scenarios. Evaluate how to balance technical accuracy with customer understanding.


## Adjourn

- The meeting was adjourned @ 17:58 UTC

**Note**: All monthly meetings take place on the last Wednesday of each month at 13:00 ET (19:00 CEST/19:00 CET, 10:00 PT, 17:00/18:00 UTC).
The next meeting will be held on September 25, 2024.  
