![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1690898/139102180-5c1e2583-14f1-4f58-ab2b-9e3807ed529c.png)

# Common Security Advisory Framework (CSAF) Technical Committee Working Meeting

- Meeting Date: September 25, 2024
- Time: 17:00 UTC (19:00 CEST, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PDT)

## Call to Order and Welcome

Meeting called to order @ 17:03 UTC

## Roll call

Inability to register attendees due to OASIS system challenges.

## Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation                                                 | Role          |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------|
| Christoph  | Plutte      | Ericsson                                                    | Voting Member |
| Denny      | Page        | Individual                                                  | Voting Member |
| Dina       | Truxius     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member |
| Feng       | Cao         | Oracle                                                      | Voting Member |
| JD         | Stefaniak   | Dell                                                        | Member        |
| Justin     | Murphy      | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Voting Member |
| Michael    | Reeder      | Dell                                                        | Voting Member |
| Omar       | Santos      | Cisco                                                       | Chair         |
| Rhonda     | Levy        | Cisco                                                       | Voting Member |
| Sonny      | van Lingen  | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member |
| Stefan     | Hagen       | Individual                                                  | Voting Member |
| Thomas     | Schaffer    | Cisco                                                       | Voting Member |
| Thomas     | Schmidt     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member |
| Vivek      |  Nair       | Microsoft                                                   | Voting Member |

### Observers present

Note: Observers of this committee that are ready to become Members should follow the specific instructions displayed the OASIS Open Notices tab.

## Agenda

- Roll call cannot be done automatically, we will approve meeting minutes via email.
- Secretary nomination
- Review GitHub Issues for TC Discussion:  https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues
- Discuss next steps.
- Adjourn


## Meeting Notes

- Secretary update:
  - Rhonda will no longer be able to participate in the TC due to expanded roles at Cisco.
  - A call for nominations for a new secretary and co-chairs of the PC is proposed.
- GitHub issue [#785 ](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/785).
  - There are issues with the validation of semantic versioning in sec phystogram that need investigation.
  - Thomas Schmidt and JD will continue to work offline to investigate this further.
- Issue [#782](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/782)
 - Differentiate between public release and disclosure to TLP ember friends for vulnerability information.
 - Additional notes were provided by Omar and Thomas in the GitHub issue for further discussion.
- Issue [#780](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/780).
  - Consider linking notes to product IDs and product groups for better accessibility and organization.
  - We have agreed to include the addition of notes in product groups within CSAF 2.1.
  - This enhancement will enable users to provide contextual information, explanations, or important details related to specific product groups.
- Issue [#766 ](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/766)
  - Discussed the usefulness of CAPEC and its mapping to CVEs in CSAF advisories.
  - The consensus was to consider this for a future release rather than for 2.1.
  - Encouraged to share any additional use cases or suggestions for reprioritization in the comments section of this issue.
- Issue [#677](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/677).
  - Explore the option of adding "feed updated" info to provider metadata JSON for ROLIE feeds.
  - No further discussions or decisions were made during the call.
- Issue [#677](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/677).
  - Two profiles are proposed: a legacy profile for existing advisories and a new profile for more consumer-friendly advisories.
  - The corresponding affected version should be mentioned in the advisory to determine vulnerability.
  - Contributors express concerns about enforcing strict requirements, suggesting that improvements should be gradual and based on real use cases. 
  - The TC didn't see this as an immediate priority, but still need to discuss and determine the proper process for the "historic" security advisory profile

## Adjourn

- The meeting was adjourned @ 18:02 UTC

**Note**: All monthly meetings take place on the last Wednesday of each month at 13:00 ET (19:00 CEST/19:00 CET, 10:00 PT, 17:00/18:00 UTC).
The next meeting will be held on October 30, 2024.  
