![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1690898/139102180-5c1e2583-14f1-4f58-ab2b-9e3807ed529c.png)

# Common Security Advisory Framework (CSAF) Technical Committee Working Meeting

- Meeting Date: December 19, 2024
- Time: 17:00 UTC (19:00 CEST, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PDT)

## Call to Order and Welcome

Meeting called to order @ 17:06 UTC

## Roll call

Inability to register attendees due to OASIS system challenges.

## Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation                                                 | Role          |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------|
| Christian  | Banse       | Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft e.V. - Fraunhofer AISEC             | Voting Member |
| Christoph  | Plutte      | Ericsson AB                                                 | Voting Member |
| Denny      | Page        | Individual                                                  | Voting Member |
| Dina       | Truxius     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member |
| Feng       | Cao         | Oracle                                                      | Voting Member |
| JD         | Stefaniak   | Dell Technologies                                           | Member        |
| Justin     | Murphy      | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Voting Member |
| Martin     | Prpic       | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member |
| Omar       | Santos      | Cisco Systems                                               | Chair         |
| Sonny      | van Lingen  | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member |
| Stefan     | Hagen       | Individual                                                  | Voting Member |
| Thomas     | Schaffer    | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member |
| Thomas     | Schmidt     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member |
| Tobi       | Limmer      | Siemens AG                                                  | Voting Member |
| Vivek      | Nair        | Microsoft Corporation                                       | Voting Member |


### Observers present

Note: Observers of this committee that are ready to become Members should follow the specific instructions displayed the OASIS Open Notices tab.

### Quorum

The meeting achieved quorum and was conducted as a formal session.

## Agenda

- Roll Call
- Updates or news to the TC
  - Thomas and Justin to report from CSAF workshops and community days
  - Co-Chairs and Discussion with OASIS staff
  - Pending motions and PRs. 
- Review all open GitHub issues and pull requests requiring TC discussion.
- CSAF 2.1 Committee Specification Draft
- Next steps
- Adjourn

## Meeting Notes

### Updates and Presentations

- Thomas and Justin reported from the CSAF workshops and Community Days in Munich, December 2024
- New member (3rd meeting) Christtian Banse introduced himself

### Administrative Updates

- Nominations for Co-chair positions: Justin, Omar, and Stefan. 
- Thomas moves to task the Chair to work with the administrators to set up the ballot for voting for new 
  chair positions in the second week of January 2025.
- Stefan seconds. No objections, no further discussion, unanimous consent. The motion carries.

### GitHub Issues and Pull Requests

- Issue [Correct default open serial_numbers and model_numbers #847](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/847) discussion
  - Thomas walks all through the issue and the proposal
  - Thomas moves to include the proposal of issue #847 into CSAF v2.1.
    - Sonny seconds. No objections, no further discussion, unanimous consent. The motion carries.

- Issue [Enforce use of affected in csaf_security_advisory #672](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/672) discussion
  - Thomas walks all through the issue and the proposal
  - All discuss the problem that the missing information introduces
  - All discuss the name for the "deprecated" profile
  - Martin reports that Red Hat requests from all scanning parties a policy how detected fixed version 
    may be used to claim impacted versions e.g. as all versions prior to a fixed version - not perfect
    but sometimes the only feasible way
  - Stefan: Sees the need to avoid Gigabyte sized advisories for decade old products, but this pushes 
    the effort to the consumer enforcing them to "if in doubt just patch".
  - Stefan: asks if this is an agreed position of the TC to over report?
  - Thomas: disagrees to change the existing statement on what to assume if the data is nhopt there.
    If in doubt ask the provider. There are issues when one advisory e.g. reporting some software 
    in version 9 to be fixed and all prior to not be fixed, while another advisorys of the same vendore
    reports version 8 also as fixed. To support transitions from CSAF v2.0 to v2.1 we should mark such
    gap data profiles as "deprectaed". Product version ranges are not perfect but better than nothing,
    so we can at least enable producers to enter information on prior versions.
  - Sonny: Guidance yes, but no strict requirements
  - Feng: Expects customers of a vendor to complain to the vendor if the advisories are not actionable
    or unclear on which versions are impacted
  - Denny: But, an interchange standard that requires the consumer to systematically ask back to 
    the provider for additional information weakens the value of the specification. We should add 
    reasonable default interpretations to miniize such additional clarification needs.
  - Thomas: Not sure where the TC wants to move to and settle.
  - Stefan: Is in favor of postponing the decision as there were interesting positions actively 
    presented so the members can consolidate the views before next meeting.
  - Omar: Please use the issue to provide your feedback before the next meeting
  - All agree to continue the discussion in January as currently a consolidated position of the TC is not clear.

- Issue [Allow detecting a ROLIE update efficiently #677](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/677) discussion
  - Thomas walks all through the issue and the proposal
  - Thomas moves to include the proposal of issue #677 into CSAF v2.1.
    - Martin seconds. No objections, no further discussion, unanimous consent. The motion carries.

- Issue [The field name 'release_date' is confusing, consider changing the name to 'public_date' #782](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/782) discussion
  - Thomas walks all through the issue and the proposal
  - All discuss
  - Omar moves that the element to be renamed to disclosure date within a CSAP document to hold the date
    at the time that the vulnerability was 1st published by the provider by the entity is now passed. 
    In follow up to that, we are gonna be actually separating.
    - Denny seconds. No objections, no further discussion, unanimous consent. The motion carries.

## Adjourn

- The meeting was adjourned.

**Note**: All monthly meetings take place on the last Wednesday of each month at 13:00 ET (19:00 CEST/19:00 CET, 10:00 PT, 17:00/18:00 UTC).

