![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1690898/139102180-5c1e2583-14f1-4f58-ab2b-9e3807ed529c.png)

# Common Security Advisory Framework (CSAF) Technical Committee Working Meeting

- Meeting Date: May 29, 2024
- Time: 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PST)

## Call to Order and Welcome

Meeting called to order @ 18:03 UTC

## Roll call

Quorum was not reached due to inability to register attendees due to OASIS system upgrades.

## Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation                                                 | Role                        |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------|
| Stefan     | Hagen       | Individual                                                  | Voting Member, taking notes |
| Thomas     | Schmidt     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member               |
| Dina       | Truxius     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member               |
| Sonny      | van Lingen  | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member               |
| Rhonda     | Levy        | Cisco                                                       | Voting Member               |
| Christoph  | Plutte      | Ericsson                                                    | Member                      |
| Martin     | Prpic       | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member               |
| Justin     | Murphy      | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Voting Member               |
| Michael    | Reeder      | Dell                                                        | Voting Member               |
| Denny      | Page        | Individual                                                  | Voting Member               |
| Thomas     | Schaffer    | Cisco                                                       | Voting Member               |
| Omar       | Santos      | Cisco                                                       | Chair                       |

### Observers present

- JD Stefaniak, Dell

Note: Observers of this committee that are ready to become Members should follow the specific instructions displayed the OASIS Open Notices tab.

## Agenda

- Roll call cannot be done automatically, we will approve meeting minutes via email.
- CSAF Workshops in Germany
- Review GitHub Issues for TC Discussion:  https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues
- Discuss next steps.
- Adjourn

## Meeting Notes

1. **Motions via Email**:
   - Due to system limitations, motions will be handled offline via email.
   - Notify Kelly if any errors are encountered.

2. **Update on Workshop** - Thomas Schmidt:
   - The CSAF workshop in Germany was successful with good participation, though more attendees would have been preferable.
   - Save the date for the next CSAF event: tentative second week of December 9-13, 2024.
   - Upcoming CSAF community days aim to bring producers together and demonstrate tool interoperability.
   - A call for presenters will be issued after the FIRST conference.
   - Location for the next event is to be determined, but it will be in Germany.

3. **Pull Request [#744](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/744)**: Optional Test: Same Timestamps in Revision History
   - Seek feedback from native speakers on multiple options.
   - Add optional tests that are not in the revision history and state the converted status.
   - Omar to suggest an action item for the TC to review and merge [#744](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/744).
   - Omar will send an email regarding this.

4. **Pull Request [#747](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/747)**: Add Party Multiplier
   - Review and finalize during the call for pull requests.
   - Minor text and revision updates; no objections to the current text.

5. **Pull Request [#746](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/746)**: Branches Recursion Depth
   - No issues or questions about limiting branches to a 30-level depth.
   - Approval will be sought via email after the meeting.
   - Thomas will set the motion after the meeting as stated.

6. **Pull Request [#745](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/745)**: ROLIE category and service document location
   - Set the motion to accept via email after the call.

7. **Pull Request [#742](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/742)**: HTTP User-Agents
   - Set the motion to accept via email after the call.
   - Change wording from “MUST” to “SHOULD.”

8. **Pull Request [#741](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/741)**: Editor Revision for TC Meeting 2024-05-29
   - Allow a two-week period for reviews and then send out.

9. **Pull Request [#740](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/740)**: Guidance on CPE Pattern (for CSAF 2.0)
   - Set the motion to accept FAQ via email after the meeting.

10. **Discussion on [#738](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/738)**: CWEs, CWE version and CWE Weakness clarification
    - Stefan and Thomas are still discussing this and will have options and voting available after this meeting.

11. **Issue [#743](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/743)**: Add Optional Test: Warn if Vulnerability Mapping is Not in Allowed State
    - Open for two days and hasn’t had a motion yet.
    - Set the motion to accept via email after the call.

12. **Michael’s Issues** - Issues [#662](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/662) and [#665](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/665)
    - Issues noted on GitHub for:
      - [#662](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/662): Add remediation category “fix_planned”
      - [#665](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/665): Vulnerability Property – Remediations – Category
    - The team has no issues with the proposed changes and finds them valuable to consumers.
    - An email will be sent asking for approval to accept changes.
      - Tobi to follow up with Thomas Proell about any issues.
      - Goal is to reconcile within two weeks.

13. **Issue [#728](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/728)**: Feature Request: Make Products Optional for a Score
    - Feature request dismissed.
    - Marked as discussed and verified that current 2.0 specifications are sufficient.
    - Omar to point out in an issue and proceed from there.

14. **Issue [#694](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/694)**: Add Mandatory Test: CPE vs. Product Version Range
    - Thomas to send to the TC for discussion and review.

15. **Issue [#722](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/722)**: Suggestion: Add a Type to a Link
    - Seek feedback on whether the team has the same situation.
    - Call to action to review and discuss at the next meeting for further consideration. Omar to coordinate this.

16. **FIRST Conference Attendance Next Month**:
    - Feng, Thomas S. and Thomas P. are attending. Feng would like to meet up with them.

## Adjourn

- The meeting was adjourned @ 19:00 UTC

**Note**: All monthly meetings take place on the last Wednesday of each month at 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST).
The next meeting will be held on June 26, 2024.  
