![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1690898/139102180-5c1e2583-14f1-4f58-ab2b-9e3807ed529c.png)

# Common Security Advisory Framework (CSAF) Technical Committee Working Meeting

- Meeting Date: June 26, 2024
- Time: 17:00 UTC (19:00 CEST, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PDT)

## Call to Order and Welcome

Meeting called to order @ 17:04 UTC

## Roll call

Inability to register attendees due to OASIS system challenges.

## Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation                                                 | Role                        |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------|
| Stefan     | Hagen       | Individual                                                  | Voting Member |
| Thomas     | Schmidt     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member               |
| Dina       | Truxius     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member               |
| Sonny      | van Lingen  | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member               |
| Rhonda     | Levy        | Cisco                                                       | Voting Member               |
| Christoph   | Plutte     | Ericsson                                                    | Voting Member               |
| Martin     | Prpic       | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member               |
| Justin     | Murphy      | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Voting Member               |
| Michael    | Reeder      | Dell                                                        | Voting Member               |
| Denny      | Page        | Individual                                                  | Voting Member               |
| Feng       | Cao         | Oracle                                                      | Voting Member               |
| Thomas     | Schaffer    | Cisco                                                       | Voting Member               |
| Rhonda     | Levy        | Cisco                                                       | Voting Member               |
| Omar       | Santos      | Cisco                                                       | Chair                       |
| Vivek |  Nair | Microsoft | Member |

### Observers present

- JD Stefaniak, Dell 

Note: Observers of this committee that are ready to become Members should follow the specific instructions displayed the OASIS Open Notices tab.

## Agenda

- Roll call cannot be done automatically, we will approve meeting minutes via email.
- CSAF Workshops in Germany
- Review GitHub Issues for TC Discussion:  https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues
- Discuss next steps.
- Adjourn


## Meeting Notes

**Meeting Notes**

- The TC discussed voting taking place via email and agreed to put all discussions into a motion via email for everyone to vote on individually.
- The TC reviewed open [pull requests](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pulls) and [open issues](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues) that needed TC discussion, including the approval of meeting minutes from the last meeting.
- Pull-Request – Editor revision for TC meeting 2024-05-29 #741.
  - Based on editor revision.  
  - Will merge now Thomas Schmidt 
- Pull-request – Schema identifier added to JSONs #753
  - As soon as Stefan has double checked, then Thomas Schmidt will set motion for editor revision.
- Issue – handling the lack of CVSS string (CSAF specifications 6.1.8) #754.
  - JD Stefaniak – valid CVSS score valid or not is an issue. Score or string not present – public records not present.
  - Thomas Schmidt to add valid example that passes and has no `scores` object.
- Issue – #662 Add remediation category “fix_planned”!
  - Michael Reeder wanted to bring it up again.  
  - Left off for further discussion about feasibility.  
  - Tobi not in meeting today to weigh in.
- Issue – #665 Vulnerabilities Property – remediations – Category
  - Thomas Proell suggested approval and close issue 665.  Closed.  
  - In that regard, assume will look into later version to CSAF 3.0 (Thomas Schmidt) blocking off table and proceed with 662.
  - Accept 662 for CSAF 2.1 Michael to send to TC via email.   
  - Oasis_ accept Thomas Schmidt 6/26/2024 1:25 PM • oasis-csaf@connectedcommunity.org
- Thomas Schmidt Pull-request Enforce product_version_range rules #636.
  - No mandatory rule to test that rules are applied. Suggest – set down and write test to automatically confirm version ranges.  
  - Martin Prpic – an actual test by a tool and will look into dedicated mandatory test, with verses within library. 
  - Put any issues in the comments.
  - Targeted for CSAF 2.1
- Pull request feature request: add EPSS to vulnerability scores #622.
  - We have further EPSS scores more or less.
  - Will look at it being implemented in CSAF 2.1. would like TC to reconsider original statement.  Plan to update CSAF regularly.  
  - Would like TC to approve. 
  - Not a request to make EPSS mandatory or only scoring method, option to also put EPSS into to deliver into CSAF if want to constituency. 
  - Omit something from a standard. 
  - Put issues in comments and revisit in next meeting and look into offline.
- Pull-request Adding customer specific publisher sub-item #705.
  - After meeting Thomas S will send email to put forth motion to approve. 
- Pull-request suggestion: add a type to a link #722.
  - It’s very broad they would like to sub-categories on references.  
  - Put more to machine readable directions. 
  - Call for action via email Thomas Schimdt to send out. 

- Pull-reqeust Add rule that new verisons SHOULD oly be released on significant changes #751
  - Martin Prpic – scalability of revision history. 
  - Guidance of what should contain and guidelines and automated history.  
  - No comments other than that.
  - Will work with Martin offline Thomas Schmidt to make it more feasible. 
- Pull-request Add list of organizations publishing CSAF on website #686.
  - Use organizations out there to spread and encouraging adoptions.  Who’s using the standard – use names on website for recognition and awareness. 
  - Simple as a list or open to suggestions on how to provide that information.
  - Covered by CSAF aggregators? Is that their purpose. They decide who they are collecting. CSAF publishers may be compliant, but can’t retrieve automatically (and therefore hard to find).
 - Sonny van Lingen: And at least theoretically one could run a CSAF Trusted Provider with `"list_on_csaf_aggregators": "false"` and `"mirror_on_csaf_aggregators": "false"` :-)
 - Value to have a list but who would collect and maintain. Include in CSAF 2.1 field to announce it.
  - Martin Prpic (Red Hat): Could just start collecting vendor names in that issue and then convert it into a list for the website.
  - Can collect names and find way to convert it over. Promote data quality throughout system.
  - Thomas Schmidt: starting points could be [CSAF lister](https://wid.cert-bund.de/.well-known/csaf-aggregator/aggregator.json) and [CSAF aggregator](https://aggregator.cert-bund.de/.well-known/csaf-aggregator/aggregator.json) of BSI
  - Discuss more at next meeting.
- Miscellaneous comments:
  - Sonny van Lingen (Huawei) 6/26/2024 1:18 PM • Thanks for this recap :-)
  - Thomas Schmidt 6/26/2024 1:25 PM • oasis-csaf@connectedcommunity.org
  - Vivek Nair (MSFT) 6/26/2024 1:52 PM • Have we looked at the new CNA rules (https://www.cve.org/Media/News/item/blog/2024/05/07/CNA-Rules-v4-0-Update-and-Transition) and its impact on CSAF? 

    I'll raise it on GitHub for discussion next time - If CVE's are to be assigned for Cloud/AI/ML regardless of the need for action by the customer, we might need to distinguish between CVE's requiring action vs those which do not (like, maybe by a flag?).


- The TC discussed the need for mandatory tests to enforce rules on product version ranges in order to write correct details with version ranges.
- There was a discussion on whether to include EPSS scores in CSAF documents, with some participants supporting the inclusion and others suggesting it should be referenced externally.
- The issue of allowing sharing groups in the distribution section of CSAF advisories was raised, with the aim of better identifying who receives the advisories.
- The meeting discussed issues with the scalability of adding individual revision history entries for Red Hat CSAF documents.
- There was a suggestion to provide guidance in the standard for what the revision history should contain and how to implement automated revision histories.
- The idea of creating a list of organizations that have adopted the CSAF standard was proposed, with potential methods for collecting and displaying this information discussed.



## Adjourn

- The meeting was adjourned @ 17:58 UTC

**Note**: All monthly meetings take place on the last Wednesday of each month at 13:00 ET (19:00 CEST/19:00 CET, 10:00 PT, 17:00/18:00 UTC).
The next meeting will be held on July 31, 2024.  
