![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1690898/139102180-5c1e2583-14f1-4f58-ab2b-9e3807ed529c.png)

# Common Security Advisory Framework (CSAF) Technical Committee Working Meeting

- Meeting Date: June 25, 2025
- Time: 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST)

## Call to Order and Welcome

Meeting called to order.

## Roll call

Using OQC for roll call and quorum calculation.

## Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation                                                 | Role          | Present |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------|:--------|
| Christian  | Banse       | Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft e.V. - Fraunhofer AISEC             | Voting Member | No      |
| Christoph  | Plutte      | Ericsson AB                                                 | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Denny      | Page        | Individual                                                  | Voting Member | No      |
| Dina       | Truxius     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Feng       | Cao         | Oracle                                                      | Member        | No      |
| JD         | Stefaniak   | Dell                                                        | Voting Member | No      |
| Justin     | Murphy      | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Co-Chair      | Yes     |
| Martin     | Prpic       | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Michael    | Reeder      | Dell                                                        | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Omar       | Santos      | Cisco Systems                                               | Co-Chair      | Yes     |
| Sergii     | Demianchuk  | Cisco Systems                                               | Member        | Yes     |
| Sonny      | van Lingen  | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Stefan     | Hagen       | Individual                                                  | Co-Chair      | Yes     |
| Thomas     | Proell      | Siemens AG                                                  | Member        | No      |
| Thomas     | Schaffer    | Cisco Systems                                               | Member        | No      |
| Thomas     | Schmidt     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Tobi       | Limmer      | Siemens AG                                                  | Voting Member | No      |
| Vijay      | Sarvepalli  | SEI                                                         | Member        | No      |
| Vivek      | Nair        | Microsoft Corporation                                       | Voting Member | Yes     |

Note: Observers of this committee that are ready to become Members should follow the specific instructions displayed the OASIS Open Notices tab.

### Quorum

Quorum was reached (10 voting members present).

## Agenda

- Roll Call
- Updates or news to the TC
- CSAF 2.1 Committee Specification Draft
- Next steps
- Adjourn

## Identification of TC voting members (Secretary)

### Prospective voting members attending their first meeting

- Sergii Demianchuk (note Sergii has attended as Observer up until this meeting)

### Members attaining voting rights at the end of this meeting

### Members losing voting rights if they have not joined this meeting by the time it ends

### Members who previously lost voting rights who are attending this meeting

### Members who have declared a leave of absence

## Meeting Notes

- Thomas Schmidt and Sonny discussed pros and cons of using SPDX license identifiers for CSAF v2.1 for the second rule under the prose of v2.1
  - Thomas expressed concerns about relying on a private organization's license database and Thomas will take the action to reach out to SPDX folks to get their perception of SPDX maintaining an official list of license identifiers.
  - While using this solution is not ideal, it is the best option at this time.
- BSI plans to provide tools for CSAF v2.1 but currently faces budget constraints.
  - Rust implementation is a top priority to enhance validation processes across languages.
  - Participants encouraged to reach out to Thomas if they want to contribute resources for CSAF tools development.
- Stefan indicates indicates strong engagement and interest in CSAF standards based on the public review period for CSAF v2.1 CSD-01.
- The public review period ending July 6th, future meetings will focus on comment resolution and preparation for public review processes.
  - Thomas Schmidt will prepare for the next meeting the comment resolution log.
- Thomas Schmidt to provide an update on the website and legal discussions with Oasis regarding the tech stack replacement.

## GitHub Issues & Pull Requests

- No Issues or PRs discussed.

## Adjourn

**Note**: All monthly meetings take place on the last Wednesday of each month at 13:00 ET (19:00 CEST/19:00 CET, 10:00 PT, 17:00/18:00 UTC).
