![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1690898/139102180-5c1e2583-14f1-4f58-ab2b-9e3807ed529c.png)

# Common Security Advisory Framework (CSAF) Technical Committee Working Meeting

- Meeting Date: February 26, 2025
- Time: 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST)

## Call to Order and Welcome

Meeting called to order.

## Roll call

Inability to register attendees due to OASIS system challenges.

## Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation                                                 | Role          |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------|
| Christoph  | Plutte      | Ericsson AB                                                 | Voting Member |
| Denny      | Page        | Individual                                                  | Voting Member |
| Dina       | Truxius     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member |
| Feng       | Cao         | Oracle                                                      | Voting Member |
| Michael    | Reeder      | Dell                                                        | Voting Member |
| Justin     | Murphy      | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Voting Member |
| Omar       | Santos      | Cisco Systems                                               | Chair         |
| Stefan     | Hagen       | Individual                                                  | Voting Member |
| Thomas     | Schaffer    | Cisco Systems                                               | Member        |
| Thomas     | Schmidt     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member |
| Tobi       | Limmer      | Siemens AG                                                  | Voting Member |
| Vivek      | Nair        | Microsoft Corporation                                       | Voting Member |

### Observers present

Note: Observers of this committee that are ready to become Members should follow the specific instructions displayed the OASIS Open Notices tab.

### Quorum

The meeting achieved quorum and was conducted as a formal session.

## Agenda

- Roll Call
- Updates or news to the TC
- Review all open GitHub issues and pull requests requiring TC discussion.
- CSAF 2.1 Committee Specification Draft
- Next steps
- Adjourn

## Meeting Notes

- Omar provided update that OASIS board/staff has setup a technology subcommittee (solutions team) has been formed to evaluate the challenges faced with Higher Logic tool.
  - Subcommittee made up of a group of some of the most active OASIS members.
    - Stefan is part of the subcommittee.
  - Seems to be consensus on looking at tools that are not dependent on a specific vendor.
    - Not only for tools for the TCs, but all tools across OASIS for members support, budgeting, etc.
  - GitHub and Google Calendar are being considered as potential tools for TCs, with further exploration of other tools.
    - Aim is to be less disruptive to TC activities, and to embrace the tools that are already being utilized and working well for the TCs. 
- Omar asked TC to review meeting minutes for December (12/18) and January (1/29):
  - PR: https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/869
  - PR: https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/878
  - January meeting minutes to be updated via GitHub and motion will be done on Higher Logic platform to accept January meeting minutes.
- Thomas accounced that BSI is working on an open source tool to track quorum.
  - Currently under development.
  - Thomas will take the action to discuss with OASIS staff about the utlization of the tool.
- Stefan supports the idea of using BSI open source tool for calculating quorum.
- Stefan emphasizes the importance of these tools for TC processes to function properly (quorum, membership/participation, etc.).
- Omar moves to accept the Dember meeting minutes. Stefan seconds.
  - December meeting minutes accepted. PR: https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/869
  - Motion will be sent over email for January meeting minutes.
- Thomas announces upcoming CSAF workshop led by Thomas (BSI) and Justin (CISA) at the 2025 VulnCon conference in April in Raleigh, NC.
- Thomas announces unconfirmed/tentative CSAF workshop to possibly take place the week after the RSA Conference.
  - Location and dates to be provided soon. 
- Omar and Justin to also present at VulnCon on the updates for CSAF v2.1.

## GitHub Issues

## Adjourn

- The meeting was adjourned.

**Note**: All monthly meetings take place on the last Wednesday of each month at 13:00 ET (19:00 CEST/19:00 CET, 10:00 PT, 17:00/18:00 UTC).
