![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1690898/139102180-5c1e2583-14f1-4f58-ab2b-9e3807ed529c.png)

# Common Security Advisory Framework (CSAF) Technical Committee Working Meeting

- Meeting Date: March 26, 2025
- Time: 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST)

## Call to Order and Welcome

Meeting called to order.

## Roll call

Inability to register attendees due to OASIS system challenges.

## Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation                                                 | Role          |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------|
| Christian  | Banse       | Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft e.V. - Fraunhofer AISEC             | Voting Member |
| Christoph  | Plutte      | Ericsson AB                                                 | Voting Member |
| Denny      | Page        | Individual                                                  | Voting Member |
| Dina       | Truxius     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member |
| JD         | Stefaniak   | Dell Technologies                                           | Member        |
| Justin     | Murphy      | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Voting Member |
| Martin     | Prpic       | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member |
| Michael    | Reeder      | Dell                                                        | Voting Member |
| Omar       | Santos      | Cisco Systems                                               | Chair         |
| Sonny      | van Lingen  | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member |
| Stefan     | Hagen       | Individual                                                  | Voting Member |
| Thomas     | Schmidt     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member |

### Observers present

Note: Observers of this committee that are ready to become Members should follow the specific instructions displayed the OASIS Open Notices tab.

### Quorum

The meeting achieved quorum and was conducted as a formal session.

## Agenda

- Roll Call
- Updates or news to the TC
- Review all open GitHub issues and pull requests requiring TC discussion.
- CSAF 2.1 Committee Specification Draft
- Next steps
- Adjourn

## Meeting Notes

- Omar announces end of formal voting for co-chairs, and welcomes Stefan and Justin as co-chairs for the OASIS CSAF TC.
  - Omar will check with OASIS Staff to update the OASIS CSAF landing page with updates of the co-chairs for the OASIS CSAF TC.
- Omar and Thomas announce that the CSAF website has a new draft being published.
  - We have a new technical stack, moving from Mobirise to Hugo platform.
  - Available at https://csaf.dev/
  - Christian suggests reorganizing the "Open Source Tools" page on the website into categories. Points out some tools are just libraries and others are more "full tool sets".
  - Omar supports the idea of categories. Suggests they could be divided into "personas", such as a consumer or somebody that is actually writing a document or contributing to it.
  - Thomas points out the conformance targets and suggests first to change the technical stack and then to do the content work.
  - Omar sets the motion to accept this new framework to develop and maintain the website.
    - Website will be transitioned to https://csaf.io/
  - Christian and Denny seconded.  No discussion, no objections, motion passed.
- Omar mentions the 2025 VulnCon Conference coming up in April in Raleigh, NC.
  - Presentations by Omar and Justin on updates to CSAF and OpenEoX.
  - Thomas mentions that he and Justin will be doing a CSAF Workshop at VulnCon as well. 
- Thomas discusses a new tool that is available for calculating quorum and voting rights and will be used for CSAF.
  - Thomas formally asks the TC whether we introduce the quorum tool for CSAF TC use in the meantime until there is a solution presented by OASIS.
  - Omar suggests the tool could be used by OASIS beyond just the CSAF TC, but for other TC's as well.
  - Omar sets a motion to accept the contribution of the quorom tool to use for calculating quorum and voting rights.
  - Justin and Denny seconded. No discussion, no objections, motion passed.

## GitHub Issues & Pull Requests

- PR [#902](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/902)
  - Thomas has a few questions remaining re: CVSS v4.0 that he hopes to clarify at VulnCon with the FIRST CVSS SIG chair.
    - Omar agrees to facilitate an introduction.
  - Thomas discusses the conversion rule for CVSS v4.0 from CSAF v2.0 to CSAF v2.1.
  - Thomas sets the motion to accept the conversion rule from CVSS v4.0 as stated in Pull Request [#902](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/902).
  - Justin seconded. No objections. No discussion, no objections, motion passed.
- Issue [#884](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/884)
  - Thomas explains the need to include a `license` field in not only the `provider-metadata.json`, but also in the CSAF file itself.
  - Sonny asks if the declaration of the license would be mandatory or an optional field.
  - Thomas suggests making it a "SHOULD" statement.
  - Omar says he does not like the suggestion of including `license` in a CSAF file, and prefers licensing to be referenced externally.
  - Thomas clarifies this is not about the license of the product, but a license of the data that is in the CSAF document.
  - Christian agrees with including licensing in individual documents and not just in the `provider-metadata.json`, since it is not simple to navigate from a CSAF file to the `provider-metadata.json`. Could be difficult to find the license if it is not specified in the file.
  - Christian asks whether the existing legal disclaimer would suffice, although it might be easier having a dedicated field, suchs as an SPDX identifier.
  - Sonny asks would it be possible to split up the `legal_disclaimer` into multiple `legal_disclaimer` fields of certain types as an implementation option?
  - Thomas notes that multiple `legal_disclaimer` fields can already be used, such as one for "terms of use" or a "classic" legal disclaimer.
  - Thomas mentions the value of having the dedicated `license` field is for the purpose of machine-readability. Human readable licenses do not scale with automation.
  - Thomas references the BSI technical guidelines for using license identifiers, including guidance for cases when no appropriate identifier exists.
  - Sonny asks for clarification where the `license` field would be in the document.
  - Thomas specifies under `/document/distribution` have a new property called `license`, and would hold the identifier.
  - Sonny asks if will it be mandatory, prompting Thomas to ask the TC who would prefer that this information should be mandatory?
  - Omar highly suggests it should not be mandatory.
  - Thomas moves to add a `license` identifier under "Distribution" for CSAF v2.1. 
  - Omar suggests to modify the motion to specify that this is an optional field.
  - Thomas  agrees and moves to add a `license` identifier under "Distribution" for CSAF v2.1 as an optional field. 
  - Omar seconded. No discussion, no objections, motion passed.
- Issue [#899](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/899)
  - Thomas states that in addition to spell checking, a grammar check could be useful as an informative test.
  - Christian asks if there is a suitable open source tool in mind to validate?
  - Thomas suggests postponing the decision while investigating whether there are any available open source tools.
  - Christian takes the action item to research tools.
- Issue [#882](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/882)
  - Thomas presents the need to clarify the test presets to help implementers produce consistent tools across the ecosystem.
  - Christian asks whether this would be feasible for all programming languages.
  - Thomas does not see an issue with that.
  - Omar asks if this is a priority for v2.1 or if further clarification is needed.
    - Thomas suggests if there are no additional concerns, then we put motion forward.
  - Thomas moves to accept the Issue [#882](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/882).
  - Stefan seconded.
  - Sonny comments that this a good proposal and brings value.
  - Christian notes the importance to clearly present how the presets and test correlate.
  - Omar states that additonal implementation considerations will be discussed offline.
  - No objections. No further discussion. Motion passed.
- Open Question to the TC ("optional tests")
  - Thomas presents an open question to the TC regarding better terminology for "optional" tests.
    - Thomas notes that the problem is that implementers treat "optional tests" as optional and ignore them, even though they would be useful in their CI/CD pipelines.
    - Thomas suggests that "recommended tests" could be a good alternative.
  - Stefan supports the idea of using "recommended tests".
  - Christian asks if we need categories if test presets are properly defined?
  - Thomas confirms that categories are still necessary for presets.
  - Discussion among Thomas, Christian, and Stefan regrading conformance targets, test presets, and CSAF documentation.
  - Thomas suggests for sake of time that we table the discussion and move on and asks the TC members to think more about the wording and we will discuss via email or next meeting.
- Issue [#883](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/883)
  - Thomas presents the idea of "elevation of test results" which would allow implementers to make an optional test mandatory within CI/CD pipelines.
  - Thomas asks for a call to action for Issue [#883](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/883) for further input and discussion from the TC.
    
## Adjourn

- The meeting was adjourned.

**Note**: All monthly meetings take place on the last Wednesday of each month at 13:00 ET (19:00 CEST/19:00 CET, 10:00 PT, 17:00/18:00 UTC).
